hey YouTube this is my review on action
replay DSi all right I'm gonna show you
some cheats on this because it is um a
cheap thing and what you're doing is
just get your game once you're done that
right and here get stopped or DS Lite
for DX see looks like that alright now
when I try to do this backwards
I'm gonna turn on and I don't know why
but what comes up is gaming watch
collection but where
all right it's scrolling through the
code list right now it's kind of
annoying but it's not that slow
he shows lobby games all right so these
codes seems it seems is is you can save
a game and you have to put um
oh my crusty in you have to have a micro
SD I put it in there and I don't have
one
and files you can look up your things
Saturday's it just yeah
all right now this is detected Mario
Kart DS all right so now this is not new
Coons
I'm not all retro courses on my golf
carts characters carts cars and classes
free time plays shy guy computer driver
race during countdown make make Kart
bigger this one is old and we and we
jump and press extra bullet all right
we're gonna just check off this extra
bullet like it is and and you get a moon
jump and the racer on countdown and and
like all right your quizzes because I
already have all characters cars and
classes because I unlocked it with the
press extra bullet really helps alright
so we're going to put the game up first
start go to yes
I'm gonna go in vs. Hyundai 50 some-odd
horse and this is just extra buck so I
can press exit and you can go longer
manifest it right before selling item
dynasty
it's really fun to get many many
paintings and that seems like they saw
that like a Walmart Target doing stock
footage and other places like that
you know when you're like 20 bucks
well some place is 25 I got mine and
it's my accent so yeah go ahead
25 bucks and get all these to take a
little blue don't it's fine
Oh vomiting there you can lose them when
the course is ain't it alright that's it
for today you do so go out and get
yourself you have to replay